Changes to English and readability (#536)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/ha-masters/index.md

Kubernetes master nodes are the nodes that run the Kubernetes API of a tenant cluster,
as well as some other important components. In the case of Giant Swarm, the master nodes
also host the [etcd](https://etcd.io/) database that keeps all the states that configure
the cluster, the workloads and other resources.

Clusters can run in a fully functional way with one master node. However this renders the
Kubernetes API unavailable in certain cases like a cluster upgrade or even an outage of
the underlying infrastructure.

With AWS release v{{% first_aws_ha_masters_version %}} new tenant clusters are launched
with three master nodes in different availability zones by default. Thus, increasing the API

> availability during upgrades and drastic changes to the cluster. It also makes the cluster more

Reviewer: This is not what I wanted to express. The intended meaning was: during changes to the cluster, the availability is increased to a great extend. Or, in other words, downtimes will be reduced a great deal.

Author: Do you want to try rewriting it in a way that aligns with the message you would like to deliver?

Reviewer: Let's try again :)

> With AWS release v{{% first_aws_ha_masters_version %}}, new tenant clusters are launched with three master nodes by default, spread over multiple availability zones. This results in much higher availability of the API during upgrades or other changes to the cluster configuration, plus enhanced resilience against any data center or hardware failures.

Author: Looks good.

Reviewer: Thanks!

resilient against data center failure.

## Benefits

Having multiple master nodes in different availability zones has several benefits:

- **API downtimes during upgrades are reduced to a minimum**. With a single master node,
  upgrading the cluster requires the only master to be terminated and rebooted with new
  configuration. This results in several minutes of downtime. With multiple master nodes,
  the nodes get updated one at a time. The API can only become unreachable in the event
  that a new etcd leader has to be elected. This usually takes only a few seconds.
- **Resilience in case of infrastructure outages**. In the case of a failure of a single
  master node's EC2 instance, the two remaining master nodes take over and a replacement
  master node will be launched automatically. Running multiple master nodes of a cluster
  in different availability zones (AZ), also protects against
  the risk of losing control of the cluster in case of a single AZ downtime. Refer to
  [below](#use-of-az) for details.
- **Load balancing of API requests.** Read-only requests to the Kubernetes API are performed

>   by all three master nodes, so that latencies stay lowein comparison to a single master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by all three master nodes, so that latencies stay low in comparison to a single master
```

  node which can suffer from high loads temporarily.

We recommend that all production clusters on AWS are run with high

> availability of master nodes. As aresult, this is the default setting starting with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
availability of master nodes. As a result, this is the default setting starting with
```
